Is it a haunted ship?
It's worse than a ship of pirates.
What are you doing?
"If you can't avoid it, enjoy it."
Take a look.
- What do you think of my daughter? - Impressive.
It's pie in the sky.
Why would they come...
- Clear. - work here?
Did I miss something during such a simple operation?
What have you done?
All I did was tell the truth to the guardian.
Get out, you punk!
I'll be working here from now on.
I'm Song Eun Jae, a surgeon.
I'm sorry, Mom.
(Episode 9)
You're up early.
You treated many patients. Aren't you tired?
- Not really. - Are you going to work out?
You don't skip a day, do you?
You've been practicing for days.
Is it going well?
I'm begging my hand...
to get used to it.
"Don't let the head or the heart stop you."
Please remember it.
In reality,
it's all about muscle memory.
Bingo.
You should continue. I'll get going.
Let's take a look.
- My goodness. - Hey.
Don't run. Be careful.
Ms. Lee Ye Rim.
- Yes? - How long has it been?
My lower back has been hurting for days.
- Mr. Chu. - I need an operation now.
I'm sorry. I can't do anything because of my child.
- Mr. Yoo Sung Cheol? - Take care of it.
- He's not here yet. - Please wait.
- Mr. Kim? - Be careful.
- Nurse Yoo. - Please wait a while.
- Please hurry up. - Yes, sir.
We'll prepare your medicine.
- Thank you. - I will.
Hey, can you stay still?
There are so many people.
- I'm sorry, sir. - Goodness.
- Please hurry. I'm in so much pain. - Goodness.
There are so many patients.
Suction.
- Gosh. - Goodness, I'm sorry.
It looks fine.
You're too handsome...
to stay on the island.
- Let's treat with acupuncture. - Yes, doctor.
Doctor.
When do you finish work?
You're tough just like my ideal...
You're my...
- Mr. Park Jang Pyeong. - Yes.
- Mr. Park. - I'm coming.
- Hello. - Please come in.
(Prescribed medicine)
Ms. Lee Sung Joo.
Mr. Park Jang Pyeong. Ms. Kim Byung Hwa.
Are you Ms. Lee Sung Joo?
Here you go, Mr. Park.
- Here you go. - Thank you.
Why did you come out? You have many patients to see.
That's why.
Have you seen Nurse Yoo?
There's so much work to do.
She was heading to the operation room.
- Again? - What do you mean?
She's lost her mind after assisting the liver transplant.
She goes to the operation room whenever she can.
What's the matter?
What are you doing here?
We have visitors on top of residents.
Isn't it extremely busy at Internal Medicine?
Of course, it is.
Including abdominal pain, diarrhea, and acute pancreatitis...
We have two patients waiting for fluid injection.
Can't I work with surgeons?
You can work with him instead.
That's sad to hear. Do you hate me that much?
It's just that my dream is to be a scrub nurse.
(Scrub nurse handles sterile equipment during operations.)
- Switch with me, please? - No way.
All operations on the hospital ship are urgent.
- They require experience. - Please, Nurse Pyo.
It's impossible. Even if I want to,
there's no way that Dr. Song will approve it.
Why do you think so?
Doctor.
Will you allow it?
Under one condition.
(Surgery Guidelines)
I'll test you once every two days.
If you pass, we start with a simple operation.
Will you teach Nurse Yoo?
- Yes. - Will you also test her?
Yes, is there something wrong?
No, not necessarily.
Get back to work before I change my mind.
You must finish what you started without a flaw.
Yes, doctor.
Thank you so much.
- Let's wrap up our work. - Okay.
Is it only me who thinks that Dr. Song has gotten...
more softhearted?
No way.
Work is over.
Internal Medicine had the most patients. Aren't you tired?
Not at all.
She's so full of energy.
You people all did so well today.
You're all completely out of it.
I think this was the busiest day...
since this ship started serving the islands.
Good for you. You must be pleased.
That's why I prepared a special event for you.
An event?
Set it up, and get the party poppers.
They're coming.
- Why must we come up here? - For a special event.
I'm so tired. An event?
Gosh. Oh, my.
This beautiful island and its view deserve...
an on-board barbecue.
A female pig.
- A female pig. - Stand in line.
We have everything set up.
- Come, and eat. - Let's eat.
- This is great. - You're awesome.
This is amazing. Thank you all.
- Come, and eat. - Doctors! Doctors!
- Let's eat. - Doctors!
Come on out here!
Something's broken. Something's badly broken.
- It's a fracture. - Emergency kit.
Yes, doctor.
He's over here.
- What's your name? - Wait, wait.
I'm... I'm...
Why's the bleeding so bad?
- Which leg did you break? - No...
It's not his leg.
Doctor Song's here.
Come on in.
Have a seat.
It's not his leg.
It's...
It's that thing.
Will he be okay?
Doctor, the kit...
You're...
You?
How could you do this to me?
My boyfriend.
Come over here.
Is this right?
Nurse Yoo's boyfriend...
cheated on her with her friend? Is that it?
And he got into that mess while doing the deed?
I think so.
It must be the end of the world.
Is it...
badly broken?
It's torn, to be exact.
A penis doesn't have a bone.
The exact diagnosis is a ruptured sclera.
(Often mistaken for a fracture)
- Did you see it yourself? - Yes.
How swollen was it?
It was this big.
Was it that big?
Is that possible?
He saw it himself. Why ask me if... Quiet.
She isn't a woman.
Do you want some?
No woman could do that.
She wasn't shaken one bit.
Is she a man? Artificial Intelligence?
You idiot.
Ah Rim, hear me out.
I swear that I said no.
- He forced me to... - You'd better... Shut that mouth.
Come here.
Open the door. Open up.
I'll get my hands on you. Open this door! Open up!
Don't kill me, Ah Rim. I did nothing wrong.
It was all him.
I said open this door! Hey!
I'm really sorry.
Open up right now.
Will you stop it?
Leave her alone. Go back inside.
You witch. You witch!
Oh dear.
Who's she?
Secretary Hong? Why...
- Are you... - Don't tell your father.
Please don't tell Director Kim.
Do you know each other?
"Secretary"?
"Father"?
- Wait. - Hold on.
If his father's a director, is he...
Jae Geol's dad is the director of Geoje Jeil Hospital?
What a huge bombshell.
Yes. The sooner, the better.
30 minutes? Yes, please.
- Oh dear. - The son of Korea's Schweitzer...
and the son of a director...
The hospital ship's full of entitled, young men.
It is.
What are you talking about?
Doctor Kim Jae Geol.
His dad's the director of Geoje Jeil Hospital.
What?
What's going on in surgery?
- Why not just chop it off? - Will you be quiet?
The patient can hear you.
Surgery?
Yes.
Here, on board the ship?
No way.
Forget it.
I'll go to a general hospital.
Get me a helicopter or the Coast Guard.
- They'll come in 30 minutes. - You can do as you wish, but...
But?
If a ruptured sclera...
isn't treated within two hours of the occurrence,
you could suffer grave performance issues in the future.
Grave performance issues?
Don't you get it?
Are you going to leave it?
I'd always thought he looked pretty rich.
Me too.
Hey.
Why are you out here?
Why are you hiding like you're in the wrong?
I'm not out here hiding.
Doctor Song's too charitable for her own good.
She should've lopped it off for you.
What's the surgery for?
He's going to get surgery?
Didn't you know?
Darn it.
What is going on?
This is a disaster.
It is.
It's a simple surgery.
We'll get the blood clot and sew you up.
The rupture can cause a change in shape.
Are you sure I'll have no performance issues?
He looks nervous. I'll add some sedatives.
Sure.
Why are you operating on someone like him?
- Nurse Yoo. - Don't. He doesn't deserve it.
Do you know what you're saying?
He doesn't know what trust or love is.
He doesn't deserve to have a male's organ.
- So... - Stop it.
Joon Young, get her out of here.
No. She can scrub in.
Scrub in, and help out.
- Doctor. - Don't be a spiteful woman.
Be the professional nurse you are, and help treat the patient.
- Doctor. - Do it.
I can't do that. I refuse!
If you refuse, you are no longer...
permitted into the operating room ever again.
Do you still refuse?
Scalpel.
[VIU Ver] Episode 9 Hospital Ship "Be a Professional"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Irrigation.
(Irrigation: cleaning of the surgical site)
Suction.
Nurse Yoo, scissors.
(Scissors: surgical scissors)
Don't be nervous. At intervals of 1cm.
Cut.
Nurse Yoo.
You're too good a surgeon. That's the problem.
That jerk won't lose his ability...
to be a man.
The ruptured area will make it crooked.
Quite...
a bit.
Doctor.
(Seoul Daehan Hospital)
Darn it.
(Kim Jae Hwan)
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello.
Hi. Let's go.
Who does that in this day and age?
People would think they were filming a drama.
We aren't very well.
It's like the fox is acting like the king after the tiger left.
Dr. Myung Se Joon became an assistant professor.
Stay focused, will you?
Look who's talking.
Dr. Song Eun Jae may be emotionless,
but she's still better, isn't she?
Everyone misses you.
Doctor. When will you be back?
Let's see. Dr. Song Eun Jae...
There she is.
What is all of that? That stack...
Sort of like a lifeline?
A lifeline?
She's upset enough about being banished,
but her classmate became an assistant professor.
I'm sure she wants to find a huge case that will take down...
that classmate and the professor.
That's the only way she can go back.
- Go in. - Okay.
What will happen now?
Will you continue working at the hospital?
No. I should return.
I will definitely return to the place...
I came from.
Because I'm confident.
Confident that I can get myself back...
purely on my skills, without exposing...
other people's weaknesses.
Because I'm going to go back.
Dr. Kwak.
What brings you here?
Does someone need urgent care?
No.
I volunteered at the ER.
They approved right away, saying they were short-staffed.
Volunteer? Why?
I felt like playing with a model wouldn't get me anywhere.
That day...
when Ms. Park Oh Weol collapsed,
if you weren't there,
she would've passed away right then and there.
I don't want to be a doctor like that.
- I'd rather... - You'd rather what?
Would you quit medicine?
I didn't think you were so rash.
A doctor...
grows through failure,
although it is cruel that people are the subjects...
of those failures.
How many patients do you think died by these hands?
Probably many more than by yours, right?
Are you comforting me?
I'm warning you.
Dr. Song.
An angina patient is coming in.
I'm going to ask Internal Medicine for assistance. Go now.
- Sir. - Hyun.
I... I can't breathe...
(Episode 10 will air shortly.)